Update case omics files (#4799)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: docs/admin-guide/updating-case.md

# Updating an existing case using the command line interface

> A case in the scout db can be updated after loading. Best practica involves making a new scout load config,
> and proceeding to upload with `scout load case -u my_new_config.yaml`, but occasionally a specific attribute can
> be altered instead with the `scout update case` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A case in the scout db can be updated after loading. B**est practice involves making a new scout load config,
and proceeding to upload with `scout load case -u my_new_config.yaml`**, but occasionally a specific attribute can
be altered instead with the `scout update case` command.
```

Author: Ah, sry, missed this one! 😊
